Add docs for parser error codes (#2491)
babel/website: docs/parser.md

    Some code has different meaning in Flow and in vanilla JavaScript. For example, `foo<T>(x)` is parsed as a call expression with a type argument in Flow, but as a comparison (`foo < T > x`) accordingly to the ECMAScript specification. By default, `babel-parser` parses those ambiguous constructs as Flow types only if the file starts with a `// @flow` pragma.
    Set this option to `true` to always parse files as if `// @flow` was specified.

### Error codes

> Error codes have been introduced in `7.14.0`. This is useful if you want to handle the errors thrown by babel-parser by type.

Reviewer: We can use an history table to say when they have been introduced. Also `babel-parser` -> `@babel/parser` (and it should be quoted with `)

There are two error codes, `code` and `reasonCode`.

- `code`
  - Rough classification of errors(e.g.`BABEL_PARSER_SYNTAX_ERROR`,`BABEL_PARSER_SOURCETYPE_MODULE_REQUIRED`).
- `reasonCode`
  - Detailed classification of errors(e.g.`MissingSemicolon`,`VarRedeclaration`).

Example of using error codes with `errorRecovery`:

```js
const { parse } = require("@babel/parser");

const ast = parse(`a b`, { errorRecovery: true });

console.log(ast.errors[0].code); // BABEL_PARSER_SYNTAX_ERROR

> console.log(ast.errors[0].reasoncCode); // BABEL_PARSER_SOURCETYPE_MODULE_REQUIRED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
console.log(ast.errors[0].reasoncCode); // MissingSemicolon
```

    Some code has different meaning in Flow and in vanilla JavaScript. For example, `foo<T>(x)` is parsed as a call expression with a type argument in Flow, but as a comparison (`foo < T > x`) accordingly to the ECMAScript specification. By default, `babel-parser` parses those ambiguous constructs as Flow types only if the file starts with a `// @flow` pragma.
    Set this option to `true` to always parse files as if `// @flow` was specified.

### Error codes

<details>
  <summary>History</summary>
| Version | Changes |
| --- | --- |
| `v7.14.0` | Added error codes |
</details>

> Error codes have been introduced in `7.14.0`. This is useful if you want to handle the errors thrown by `@babel/parser` by type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Error codes were introduced in `7.14.0`. They are useful if you want to handle the errors thrown by `@babel/parser`.
```

There are two error codes, `code` and `reasonCode`.

- `code`

>   - Rough classification of errors(e.g.`BABEL_PARSER_SYNTAX_ERROR`,`BABEL_PARSER_SOURCETYPE_MODULE_REQUIRED`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Rough classification of errors (e.g. `BABEL_PARSER_SYNTAX_ERROR`, `BABEL_PARSER_SOURCETYPE_MODULE_REQUIRED`).
```

- `reasonCode`

>   - Detailed classification of errors(e.g.`MissingSemicolon`,`VarRedeclaration`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Detailed classification of errors (e.g. `MissingSemicolon`, `VarRedeclaration`).
```

Example of using error codes with `errorRecovery`:

```js
const { parse } = require("@babel/parser");

const ast = parse(`a b`, { errorRecovery: true });

console.log(ast.errors[0].code); // BABEL_PARSER_SYNTAX_ERROR

> console.log(ast.errors[0].reasoncCode); // MissingSemicolon

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
console.log(ast.errors[0].reasonCode); // MissingSemicolon
```
